Krish Goyani K. Email: krishhgoyanii@gmail.com Github: Krish-Goyani LinkedIn: Krish Goyani EDUCATION Computer Engineering | Government Engineering College, Bhavnagar CGPA : 8.83 (June 21 - Mar 24) (6th Semester). (Passing Year - 2025) PROJECTS Case Study for Bank Marketing Champaign: An important factor in banking is that they target customers where there is a high likelihood that they will subscribe for for term deposits. For that, I have analyzed data collected from various campaigns and user interactions. I conducted various analyses on the data, including financial, contact, temporal, and demographic analyses. Based on my findings, I recommended actions the bank should take for target marketing in the future.Tools : Pandas, Scikit-learn, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn click-to-view AIDRP - AI Driven Diabetes Readmission Preven4on AIDRP is an AI-driven platform that can accurately predict and reduce 30-day hospital readmission rates for diabetes mellitus (DM) patients. The platform is boosted by Gemini API, an AI assistant that answers users' questions regarding diabetes care. By enhancing prediction and prevention of avoidable readmissions, AIDRP can assist hospitals in improving qu ality of care, reducing costs, and optimizing performance measures. Tools: Gemini API, Streamlit, Catboost, Google Cloud Run Award: 2024 GDSC Solution Challenge global top 100 finalist. git-hub Stock Seer Stock Seer is a project that predicts future stock prices using an LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) model. It takes user input for a stock ticker symbol and the number of future sessions to predict, and then it will fetch past data, train the model, and forecast the stock's value for those sessions. Tools: Yfinance , Keras git-hub Movie Reccomenda4on System By using unsupervised machine learning i had built recommander system which asks user to enter the movie name and based of the similarity recommander suggests some movie. Tools: NLTK, Streamlitgit-hub AudioAlly AudioAlly is voice assistance that first uses speech to text than text to text and than text to speech LLMs. it built using huggingface and gradio. Tools: Transformers, Gradio git-hub For a portfolio of projects and case studies, please visit: Krish-Goyani Experience Data Team Core Member (Sep-23 to Sep-24) Google Developer Student Clubs (GDSC) - Government Engineering College, Bhavnagar. - Serve as a key contributor to the data team, collaborating on data-driven projects and initiatives. Technical Skills Programming Languages: Python Data Analysis and Visualization: PowerBI, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly, SciPy Machine Learning Libraries: Scikit-learn, LightGBM, CatBoost Deep Learning & GEN AI: PyTorch, TensorFlow, HuggingFace, ANN, CNN, RNN, NLP(LSTM, GRU, Transformer, BERT) , Computer Vision(OpenCV) Database Management: SQL , MongoDB Other Tools: Jupyter Notebook, Git, Kaggle