 Hello learner, this is Toks here, your generalized stock price predictor app. Suppose you want to predict Apple Company's stock price for next 15 sessions, then just enter your desired company's sticker name and for how many sessions you want to predict its price. Now let's look into the backend. So, first of all, it will download historical data of your desired company. company now I have entered for Apple so it has downloaded Apple companies data using Yahoo Finance API. On later stage it will do data validation it will apply some checks to apply some method to check whether our downloaded page data is in desired format or not. In later stage it will do data transformation it applies some kind of pre-processing step to make data able to feed our time series model and now our model training is started. This salient feature of this project is that it is generalized. Suppose you want to, it is not pre-trained. Now what we will be doing is if you have entered Apple companies data, Apple company then it will train your model according to Apple companies data. Now if you have entered Infosys or suppose someone want to predict for Reliance, someone want to predict for Tesla, some other one want to predict for Anymedia, then it is purely dependent on your requirement what you want according to that it will train our model. Now it will do model evaluation and after completing model evaluation stage a twist comes in the picture. Suppose I have 1000 data point available and I have train my model for 800 point. But I and rest of 200 goes for model evaluation, but I want my model to able to know about up to date data. So what I am doing, I am saving the previously trained model that is that span on 80% of the data set and saving it and now I am after model evaluation, I am training again model with new that same model with rest of 20%. So now what will happen my model is aware about up to date old trend seasonality and it is aware about till last previous session. So it makes my prediction more perfect and now it will predict successfully the April stocks price for next 15 day. Thank you.